% Multiline responses
\begin{verbatim}
Loved the survey.  Would like to know what is the purpose and whether it is conclusive or
not for the researchers.

The question about household pets did not allow me to choose Cats and Other. I could only
choose Cats with another option like dog, ferret, etc.

I found this survey weired but very interesting. Very different from most survey. I would
more like this.

I thought the survey went smoothly it was easy to understand,  answers were clear,and
questions weren't stupid.  The one question about weight, I think another choice should be
something like Did certain medications make you gain weight?  Thank you for letting me put
in my two cents in.

Well constructed and structured. Use of pictures gave a very nice touch. Although it was
very random so I'm guessing it's a personality analysis.

The question regarding marijuana was especially difficult to decide, I was torn between a
couple options.

This survey was actually entertaining because the questions were very random. It
definitely kept me on my toes.

I tought it was fun to complete.  Questions on a lot of different subjects.  Very
interesting.

A very interesting and definitely different type of survey. Would have been nice, where
appropriate, to provide us with the correct answer to certain questions. Enjoyed it very
much !!

Thank you, this was the neatest survey I've taken in a long time. I wasn't sure what the
survey company is hoping to find. Maybe whether I'm insane or not :-) but it was fun for
me.

Great survey, much thought on personal preferences was fun.  I hope this survey gives you
interesting and useful results.  thanks.

What the heck was that? I do a lot of surveys and they at least have a discernible theme
- this was a seemingly random mess.

Although I was not sure what this survey is about, I read each questions carefully and
chose the best answers that fitted me.

Ce sondage était très intéressant parce que m a plongé dans ce qu il y a de personnel. Il
m a orienté dans mes émotions ainsi que sur des connaissances acquises en milieu scolaire.

This was a very interesting survey, and it was really fun to complete, but none of the
questions really seem related to each other, and I'd be interested to know what the
research purpose of it is.

there were questions that I did not like any of the options, but was made to pick one so I
could move on.

I have been doing surveys for many years, first time I do one like this,  strange a bit
the questions but interesting

I really liked this survey because I wasn't answering basically the same question over and
over

I presume the purpose was to see different ways in which people make choices.  It was
interesting

Certainly covered a wide range of topics. Would be interested to know how the results are
used and for what.

This was very interesting and different.   I would like to know what the correct answers
are for some of the questions such as area size with water included - not opinions but
real answers that cannot change.

This was a very different survey from the ones I have participated in the past. I would
love to know what you conclude from the answers.

Certainly different. It would have been easy enough to do research on various aspects of
the survey; but I choose not to.

Choice of actors: I don't know most of them at all.  You create a situation of a forced
choice.

It might be useful for you to update your movie stars names for the question of who you
want to have lunch with I didn't recognize either name and so I made a truly random choice
in that case and didn't truly like any of the choices for the guys.

Having done 100s of surveys over the last two years, this was by far the most bizarre.
The randomness of the questions threw me and I don't think my responses were accurate as a
result.  I'm not sure if the misspelling on Jodie (Jody) Foster's name was deliberate but
thought it best to flag just in case you wanted to correct it.

I think that the triangles were all the same area sizes and the dots had almost the same
amounts.

you should have have had an NA some of those people I have never heard of an would not
travel to any of those places
\end{verbatim}