\begin{verbatim}
Interesting survey.
no thanks
fun survey, very different
The question about beer lists only 2 options, not 3 as stated in the question.
I like it and enjoy  Thank you
great survey
None at this moment, thank you.
very interesting
thank you
Such a random selection of questions!
Thank you for this enjoyable, and different, survey experience.
very different survey....
Interesting survey I wonder what you'll find out?
really enjoyed
fun
none
None
NO
Loved the survey.  Would like to know what is the purpose and whether it is conclusive or not for the researchers.
none
no comment
It was certainly an interesting array of questions.
some of the choices were difficult as I don't fly often
Very interesting
it was the most interesting survey I ever did
KYRTDI
Totally enjoyed this survey!
This was a fun survey, it had a lot of different questions and I found it fun to complete.
I hope the choices I made don't make me potentially unstable ?
perfect length
none
0
it was fun and very interesting, enjoyed it
It was a great survey.  Thank you.
this was great
Quite interesting!
different, yet fun survey
Have a nice day...
interesting
like the decision choices
N/A
Intelligent questions
i wonder what this is about?
Fun
I would be interested in knowing the correct answers.
That was both fun and odd.
interesting questions of survey, what purpose of this survey for?:)  like a EQ test!
That was fun!
interesting...I wish there were some feedback on what this all meant
I would be interested to know how you are assessing the answers I have given.
cool
very interesting to do Thank-You
THAT WAS FUN, THANKS
none
The question about household pets did not allow me to choose Cats and Other. I could only choose Cats with another option like dog, ferret, etc.
:)
it was very interesting
Strange questions!
eclectic. what is the point?
Very interesting
I found this survey weired but very interesting. Very different from most survey. I would more like this.
none
very interesting!
Most interesting - as mathematics is not my thing.
best survey yet
Some sort of psychological test?
It was fun and very interesting.  It was also easy to read and understand
I do not understand the purpose of the weird questions but then that is part of the survey
hi
wrfwet
this was quite interesting survey and I enjoyed doing it
Survey was nice & short...just how I like it!
very interesting survey! i hope there's more like this
Probably the most random survey I ever took, but interesting too.
none
none
thanks guys
cool
this was fun to do, thank you!
Very interesting survey.
very strange survey
no comments
n/a
I thought the survey went smoothly it was easy to understand,  answers were clear,and questions weren't stupid.  The one question about weight, I think another choice should be something like Did certain medications make you gain weight?  Thank you for letting me put in my two cents in.
intriguing but could not figure out what the point was.
excellent
It was very interesting.
this was very interesting survey - the best ever
This was fun and very interesting
yanks
Very interesting and challenging
great survey,not repetive thanks
No additional feedback.
Very interesting survey!
none
good survey
inteesting survey
difficult choices
super sondage
I found this quite interesting thanks
good
none
Well constructed and structured. Use of pictures gave a very nice touch. Although it was very random so I'm guessing it's a personality analysis.
This was fun.  Loved the random questions.
no
None. Thanks
it was fun!
very nice
thanks for an interesting survey
No comment
thankyou, that was interesting.
I found this survey to be very interesting.
more points.......
none
Great layout and enjoyable
na
I really liked this survey, you need to choose your best answer.
choices
no
Very well done and interesting survey. Thank you !!
challenging
weird!
Thank you
this was very interesting
interesting
no thanks
The questions were quite random.
it was fun
I enjoyed the questionnaire!
interesting survey
This was really interesting and fun to complete! I am curious of the purpose of this study.
Cool
The question regarding marijuana was especially difficult to decide, I was torn between a couple options.
great questions
This survey was actually entertaining because the questions were very random. It definitely kept me on my toes.
I tought it was fun to complete.  Questions on a lot of different subjects.  Very interesting.
very interesting survey, I enjoyed it
this was an interesting survey and easy to understand and answer
What was the point?
None.
Not sure what this was about
Its ok
STRANGE SURVEY, HARD TO GET THE POINT.
This was fun. Kind of wondering how I did
thanks
it was fun
all good
some what interesting
It was very interesting thank you
very different  and interesting.I really enjoyed this and it held my attention.thank you
I liked it very much;)
A very interesting and definitely different type of survey. Would have been nice, where appropriate, to provide us with the correct answer to certain questions. Enjoyed it very much !!
Interesting questions
loved it :)
Interesting content and no technical glitches - how refreshing
dont have any
Thank you, this was the neatest survey I've taken in a long time. I wasn't sure what the survey company is hoping to find. Maybe whether I'm insane or not :-) but it was fun for me.
Great survey, much thought on personal preferences was fun.  I hope this survey gives you interesting and useful results.  thanks.
An interesting set of questions.
thx
Very insightful and surprising, but enjoyable.
One of the most interesting surveys I've ever taken. Interesting and fun to complete.
THANKS
.Great survey
Interesting... not sure what this was about
Interesting questions. Would love to know the results of this one??
not sure
good questions
Wild array of questions.
thank you
What the heck was that? I do a lot of surveys and they at least have a discernible theme - this was a seemingly random mess.
Belinda Stronach Tuesday 42
That was the oddest survey I have ever taken.
This was a very interesting survey. I would definetly do this again.
Great survey!
Although I was not sure what this survey is about, I read each questions carefully and chose the best answers that fitted me.
	thank you!
Enjoyed the survey.
none
good survey
none
good
thanks interesting
nicely designed questions, but it would be better to provide more options per each selection.
None
cool
none
Nice survey
It was very good! I have not done a survey like this one before.
interesting / very different
Very interesting survey. I enjoyed it.
no others comments.
marijuana like all drugs should remain illegal
it was a great one
thanks
no thanks
different and interesting
Very interesting survey!  Loved it.
no comment except the questions asked were very unique
good survey
No comment
This was the weirdest survey that I have ever completed But, sort of fun as well
thanks for the oppourtunity
hi
Ce sondage était très intéressant parce que m a plongé dans ce qu il y a de personnel. Il m a orienté dans mes émotions ainsi que sur des connaissances acquises en milieu scolaire.
THIS WAS A VERY DIFFERANT AND VERY INTERESTING SURVEY
Should have hit the books first! Interesting questions. Good luck with your research.
none
Too long
Good one,, thank you!
what.
none
VERY UNIQUE SURVEY
This was a very interesting survey, and it was really fun to complete, but none of the questions really seem related to each other, and I'd be interested to know what the research purpose of it is.
This was a very interesting survey , extremely fun and entertaining
there were questions that I did not like any of the options, but was made to pick one so I could move on.
none
This was a VERY COOL survey...very different & lots of fun !
thanks
I have been doing surveys for many years, first time I do one like this,  strange a bit the questions but interesting
ENJOYED DOING THE SURVEY
I really liked this survey because I wasn't answering basically the same question over and over
very enjoyable and thank you
I presume the purpose was to see different ways in which people make choices.  It was interesting
no other feedback
cool
Thanks.
I like the "which art's do you like better" questions best.
fun survey, great time
Certainly covered a wide range of topics. Would be interested to know how the results are used and for what.
Great survey! Interesting.
??
That was highly enjoyable and utterly fascinating.
no comments
none
Very interesting survey. Not too long and different and enjoyable.
This survey made no sense at all.
none
fun and easy.
i like  this survey send me more thanks you
This was very interesting and different.   I would like to know what the correct answers are for some of the questions such as area size with water included - not opinions but real answers that cannot change.
none
<NA>
fun!
Most interesting survey i have ever completed
good
good survey
interesting questions
hope this survey pays
no
This was a very different survey from the ones I have participated in the past. I would love to know what you conclude from the answers.
that was the strangest survey I've ever completed
This was interesting, I wish I could see if I was correct for the fact/logic questions!
no comment
Certainly different. It would have been easy enough to do research on various aspects of the survey; but I choose not to.
Interesting survey and enjoyed doing it
Choice of actors: I don't know most of them at all.  You create a situation of a forced choice.
Thanks. What iq do I have?
no comments
merci
very very interesting
I enjoyed doing this survey. Thank You.
what the f is this
none
n/a
none
None
cool survey
what is the purpose of these questions?
interesting!
thank you
INTERESTING SURVEY..ENJOYED
Great survey
It was interesting
none
good
Different survey
I really enjoyed being apart of this survey.
what was this study about
None.
this was fun.  I wonder what it tells you about me?
very interesting
na
Interesting questions, I wonder what the actual research is about
Very interesting and unique survey, thought provoking!!
none
What's up with the random questions?
no
not sur
I liked the variety of questions!
questions were very different!
It was really very interesting survey.
Not boring to take, kept it interesring to answer.
wow, that was a strange bunch of questions. Very interesting. Merci.
fun to use
Interesting
It might be useful for you to update your movie stars names for the question of who you want to have lunch with I didn't recognize either name and so I made a truly random choice in that case and didn't truly like any of the choices for the guys.
I don't understand the point of this survey
Having done 100s of surveys over the last two years, this was by far the most bizarre.  The randomness of the questions threw me and I don't think my responses were accurate as a result.  I'm not sure if the misspelling on Jodie (Jody) Foster's name was deliberate but thought it best to flag just in case you wanted to correct it.
super
weird survey
Fun survey!!!
don't have any
none
was interesting
n/a
it was not as long as a thought
interesting. would like to know the results
oui
This was one weird survey
interesting topics that really make you think
the questionnaire was concise and clear. I like that .
km nb,mkjn
none
great survey
Thank you.
neat study, very different!
I think that the triangles were all the same area sizes and the dots had almost the same amounts.
fun
This survey was really interesting and fun to answer.
Very interesting survey touched on many topics
none
That was something.
A very unique survey.
You're welcome!
it is grate
interesting, never did a survey like this before
thank you.
none
you should have have had an NA some of those people I have never heard of an would not travel to any of those places
nothing to add
very interesting and different
Interesting format..exceptional detail..
none
cool survey
It was very different from other surveys and quite interesting
This was the most fun survey I have ever taken.
The survey is very interesting and gives a good knowledge about oneselve.
It is a bizzar and funny one.
good survey
n/a
Interesting topics were touched upon.
yes sure
no comments but i would defenitly participate again , thank you
Interesting questions
It was fun to complete.
nothing
It was very clear and easy.
nothing
the survey was good and I have nothing to say...
Interesting and fun survey
I wonder what this survey is for?
It was fun and easy and fast to answer
odd
Strange survey but fun
no comments
great survey
thanks
No additional feedback, this was fun.
Nice and fast, with a variety of topics.
very fun survey, I enjoyed answering all the questions which were very varied
Greet survey! Love the concept and choices. It's fun to complete this kind of survey :)
Interactive
A curious survey and quite entertaining.
trery
I find this survey very interesting.
its perfect
nice
Random, but enjoyable.
they are the best
\end{verbatim}